Oh
so today we're going to go meet two
girls that emailed us a couple of months
ago they're very inspiring they say
we're very excited to finally meet them
and hopefully be something cool with
them give me up to bodies more I use
these legs too
muscles ever owned
let's do it
nope this is the right house
very good
we haven't fully planned something but
we just thought that he'd be cool to
rest the story was was was cool enough
fun um and we were just very surprised
by the accomplishment given how old you
guys are yeah me wanted to hear the
story from you guys and we wanted to
hear um how how you did it pretty much
yeah and this is not an interview
exactly like this is like yeah forget
that the camera is there and just like
yeah like the first year that we did
this project we've got over 35,000 cans
Wow
35,000 returning m1a1 five cans which is
25 cents can feed a child for the day or
is it not a lot of money but it does
yeah how many people helped you because
35,000 that is you can pretty much fill
this entire room with like cans yeah it
was just also at the end of year two
they were at 58,000 yeah goodness the
very on the very basic level like why do
you do this I think it's really has to
do with like every child's right to an
education because like both Jane and I
value education like so much and it's
like going to school is one of our
favorite things so to be able to like
provide that for other children is like
the best thing for us like we just want
to see other kids be able to learn and
from being like with those kids we've
seen at firsthand that that's all they
want to do they want to learn and their
eagerness to learn is like above and
beyond what we've seen in our school why
Haitian in Dominican Republic
specifically Haitians in the Dominican
Republic have no right to an education
um because they're coming over from
Haiti and they have no verses
it's no legal documents so they're left
with nothing basically I think the more
we do this the more we do Generation Y
not the more we learn how to empathize
more I'm sure you've had your fair share
of that like as you work as you actually
you know started the project and then
like went over there to actually
interact with the kids yeah one on one
yeah my we're doing entrepreneurship
projects in our class I will show that
my video games when I was in what we
didn't mention is that the school that
we support is located in a three bedroom
apartment um and they also boots yeah I
got over a hundred students in a three
bedroom apartment thing it was amazing
when there's just will there's a way and
then things start immediately almost
like no matter what and you mentioned
like that this project started by you
like knitting stuff and I don't think
any of us know how to knit so maybe like
at all I would love to learn how to do
pilot stinky cans this is looking way
complication I'm just starting it so you
won't have to do this part all right but
you could just use this module so you're
befitting this dirt here okay okay we
gotta go though there you go oh my god
this is so funny
you see immediate results I love it how
is Matt getting this I am good oh I
messed it up those this is so simple
dude this is what my work looks like Ben
okay then you grab your grab the strap
this is that this is our second time any
other way I was just testing her this is
the other way yes pull slowly down
starches look at that yay
the same as music just jumbled just
thought the kids made us the first time
we went down south so we got to the
airport and this is when those there and
now find us that's Thomas whooping
there's a student that we always refer
to her name's uh rose me love and her
she's like the oldest in her family
she's probably like eight or nine years
old and every day she walks an hour and
a half to school from up the mountain if
we're gonna go pick up the past
the cans we should do it before
and
Oh
one of them is out of order the only
kennel
this is going to take forever dude I
love that word the low symmetry ones
here
mother
how is this more efficient we had an
awesome day with Isabel and Jane we were
very inspired by all the work they're
doing and we're hoping to be maybe
partnering with them more in the future
as from now you should go check out you
caring comm slash 2016 sparks of hope
they're raising funds for their next
summer camp to help these kids and you
can go together school they've partnered
with on youth upliftment org all the
links will be in the description make
sure you check all of those out and
support them see you next Thursday give
me up to embodies more I use these legs
to